I'm Debbie nardozzi from Long Beach New
York I actually grew up in this town
most of my life has been as a counselor
and administrator running quite a few
mental health programs and substance
abuse programs I also believe it or not
I'm a caterer I cook love to cook I've
been the helper and to feel helpless has
been very challenge well the first thing
came to my mom was it's not going to
happen that's the first thing I was
sitting on the couch and the room back
there and my husband actually kept
saying what is coming in the waters
gonna come in and I kept saying no it's
not and all of a sudden I just saw it
starting to come up up my first thought
really was that I may not make it and
telling you it's the first time in my
life I ever felt that way when the water
came up and I looked out in the street
all I thought from my house across the
street was black ominous water
and I saw like this spiral in the middle
like that i thought was just gonna suck
us down I really thought my life was
over I think one of the most important
questions you're asking is what do it
miss north is it my couch not really
it's double
to just have my place you know just to
cook on my own stuff at tulane my
backyard to shower in my own shower you
know to get it get my own bed that's
been challenging have a place you're
going home would be
there's been a lot of miracles since
this happened I can't even find the word
of gratitude that I feel for the people
that have let me stay at their homes
cooked for me cared for me and they saw
this story about the junkyard with the
flower girl and that's what it felt like
the other day I actually saw roses on my
wrote more than I've ever seen my
pinecone thing that's all brown there a
new little pike there's life there
really his life here still but life
can't be you know I'm here on the life
my family's here and alive and safe you
know one thing I really like I help
volunteer sometimes when they're
rebuilding the playground and we were
calling ourselves see any victims and i
love the first time i heard sandy
survivors you know I was like blown away
that's right they're not think tins
you